---
title: Terms & Conditions
template: page
---

THE FOLLOWING TERMS AND CONDITIONS GOVERN YOUR USE OF THIS WEBSITE (MONEYWORKSFORM.ME). YOUR USE OF THIS WEBSITE CONSTITUTES YOUR ACCEPTANCE OF THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS.

This website presents information and content that is owned or licensed by MoneyWorksFor.me. When used in these Terms and Conditions, “we” and “our” mean MoneyWorksFor.me.

**Acquisition/Divestment Decisions.** As with all financial matters, you should exercise great care in using the information provided on this website or available through links from this website. You should research the facts and opinions contained in this information, including speaking to your MoneyWorksFor.me professional, before making any acquisition/divestment decisions. The information provided on this website is provided to you for information purposes only and does not constitute an offer to sell or buy any business that may be referenced or described on this website. Nothing on this website should be construed as rendering tax, legal, investment, or accounting advice. The posting of any prospectus or any other information on this website should not be interpreted as a recommendation or opinion that you should make any purchase or sale or participate in any transaction.

 **Ownership and Use of Content.** All of the information and content on this website, including but not limited to all text, graphics, software applications, video and audio files and photos (“Content”) is owned or licensed by MoneyWorksFor.me, and is protected by worldwide copyright laws and treaty provisions, unless otherwise indicated. You may make and use printouts of the Content for your personal, non-commercial use only, provided that the printouts retain all copyright, trademark and other proprietary notices.. The use of the Content on any other website or in a networked computer environment for any purpose, or any other republication or redistribution of the Content, including, without limitation, framing the Content within another website, is expressly prohibited without the prior written permission of MoneyWorksFor.me.

**Security.** For your protection, MoneyWorksFor.me requires the use of encryption technologies for certain types of communications conducted through this website. While we provide those technologies and use other reasonable precautions to protect confidential information and provide suitable security, we do not guarantee or warrant that information transmitted through the Internet is secure, or that such transmissions will be free from delay, interruption, interception or error. In connection with your use of this website, you may establish or otherwise receive from MoneyWorksFor.me User IDs, Passwords and other security codes (“User Codes”) that you will need in order to access and use certain portions of this website. You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your User Codes. You agree that you will be fully responsible for all activities that occur utilizing your User Codes, and that MoneyWorksFor.me is not under any duty to inquire as to the authority or propriety of any instructions given to MoneyWorksFor.me via your User Codes or to otherwise verify the identity of anyone using your User Codes. You agree that MoneyWorksFor.me shall not be responsible for damages or losses resulting from any breach of security caused by your failure to maintain the confidentiality of your User Codes. If you permit access to your User Codes by third parties, then you agree to defend, indemnify and hold MoneyWorksFor.me harmless against any liability, losses, damages or costs and expenses (including attorneys’ fees) arising out of, or resulting from, such access and related use of the website. MoneyWorksFor.me reserves the right to block access to the website for any reason. You also agree to immediately notify MoneyWorksFor.me if you: Become aware of any loss or theft of your User Codes or Become aware of any unauthorized use of your User Codes. Finally you acknowledge and agree that you will not: (i) collect or store personal data about other users of this website, or (ii) upload, e-mail or otherwise transmit any material that contains viruses or any other computer code, files or programs that might interrupt, limit or interfere with the functionality of any computer software, hardware, database or file, or communications equipment that is owned, leased or used by MoneyWorksFor.me.

**E-Mail.** Certain portions of this website may offer you the ability to e-mail a message to MoneyWorksFor.me. E-mail functionality, if any, is provided to you to facilitate communications between you and MoneyWorksFor.me. You agree, however, that you will not use e-mail to request, authorize or effect the purchase or sale of any business, to change your User Codes, to transmit personal credit information (including credit card numbers), to send fund transfer instructions, or for any other financial transactions that require formal authorization in accordance with applicable law or MoneyWorksFor.me policies and procedures. Any such requests, orders, or instructions that you send to MoneyWorksFor.me by e-mail will not be accepted or processed by MoneyWorksFor.me. MoneyWorksFor.me shall have no liability for any loss or damage that arises from unaccepted e-mail requests, orders or instructions. Moreover, MoneyWorksFor.me shall have no liability for any loss or damage that result from interception and/or unauthorized use by third parties of any information you send by e-mail. For information regarding MoneyWorksFor.me’s use of your e-mail address, please review our Internet Privacy Policy.

**Hyperlinks.** From time to time, as a convenience for you, we may provide links to third party websites, or permit third parties to link to this website. Links to or from a third party site, whether provided by MoneyWorksFor.me or not, do not imply any affiliation between MoneyWorksFor.me and the site owner, or an endorsement, approval, or verification by MoneyWorksFor.me of any content available on such third party sites. We do not periodically review these third party sites and we are not responsible or liable for the accuracy or completeness of the content on any such third party sites. By providing access to other websites, MoneyWorksFor.me is not recommending the purchase or sale of products or services provided by the sponsoring organization of any linked site. Subject to the terms of applicable service or other agreements, we will remove any link from this website upon request from the owner of the linked site. Please email our operations department at info@MoneyWorksFor.me to submit such a request.

**Availability.** Not all of the businesses described on this website are available for purchase in all geographic areas of the United States. You may not be eligible to purchase all of the described listed businesses and we reserve the right to determine the eligibility of any potential purchaser for any listed business.

**NO WARRANTY.** WE WILL MAKE EVERY REASONABLE EFFORT TO INCLUDE ACCURATE AND UP TO DATE CONTENT ON THIS WEBSITE. HOWEVER, THE CONTENT ON THIS WEBSITE (INCLUDING ANY GRAPHICS) AND ANY MATERIALS MADE AVAILABLE THROUGH THIS WEBSITE ARE SUBJECT TO APPLICABLE STATUTES AND REGULATIONS, AND ARE PROVIDED “AS IS” AND WITHOUT WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED. TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMISSIBLE PURSUANT TO APPLICABLE LAW, MONEYWORKSFORM.ME DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT. MONEYWORKSFORM.ME DOES NOT WARRANT OR MAKE ANY REPRESENTATIONS REGARDING THE USE OR THE RESULTS OF THE USE OF THE CONTENT ON THIS WEBSITE IN TERMS OF ITS CORRECTNESS, ACCURACY, RELIABILITY, OR OTHERWISE. THE CONTENT ON THIS WEBSITE COULD INCLUDE TECHNICAL INACCURACIES OR TYPOGRAPHICAL ERRORS. THIS CONTENT COULD BECOME INACCURATE AS A RESULT OF DEVELOPMENTS OCCURRING AFTER PUBLICATION. MONEYWORKSFORM.ME UNDERTAKES NO OBLIGATION TO KEEP ANY SUCH INFORMATION CURRENT. MONEYWORKSFORM.ME ENDEAVORS TO MAINTAIN THIS WEBSITE AND ITS OPERATION, BUT IS NOT, AND CANNOT BE, RESPONSIBLE FOR THE RESULTS OF ANY DEFECTS THAT MAY EXIST IN THIS WEBSITE OR ITS OPERATION. AS TO THE OPERATION OF THIS WEBSITE, MONEYWORKSFORM.ME EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. MONEYWORKSFORM.ME MAKES NO WARRANTY THAT (i) THE OPERATION OF THIS WEBSITE WILL MEET THE USER’S REQUIREMENTS; (ii) ACCESS TO THIS WEBSITE WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED, TIMELY, SECURE, FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS, OR FREE OF ERRORS; (iii) THE RESULTS THAT MAY BE OBTAINED FROM THE USE OF THIS WEBSITE WILL BE ACCURATE OR RELIABLE; OR (iv) DEFECTS WILL BE CORRECTED. YOU (AND NOT MONEYWORKSFORM.ME) ASSUME THE ENTIRE COST OF ALL SERVICING, REPAIR, OR CORRECTION THAT MAY BE NECESSARY FOR YOUR COMPUTER EQUIPMENT AND SOFTWARE AS A RESULT OF ANY VIRUSES, ERRORS OR OTHER PROBLEMS YOU MAY HAVE AS A RESULT OF VISITING THIS WEBSITE.

TO THE EXTENT THAT THE LAW DOES NOT PERMIT THE DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES, ALL CONTENT ACCESSIBLE ON THIS WEBSITE, OR ANY OTHER WEBSITE TO WHICH WE LINK, AND ALL OPERATIONS ON THIS WEBSITE ARE WARRANTED ONLY TO THE MINIMUM AMOUNT LEGALLY REQUIRED.

**NO LIABILITY.** IN USING THIS WEBSITE, YOU SPECIFICALLY AGREE THAT YOU WILL NOT HOLD MONEYWORKSFORM.ME LIABLE TO YOU OR ANY PARTY FOR ANY DAMAGES OR INJURY OR LOSS, INCLUDING ANY DIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL PUNITIVE DAMAGES, OR LOST PROFITS, THAT MAY RESULT FROM THE USE OF, OR THE INABILITY TO USE, THE MATERIALS ON THIS SITE (OR ANY OTHER LINKED WEBSITE), WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER TORTIOUS ACTION, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF INFORMATION AVAILABLE ON THIS WEBSITE (OR ANY OTHER LINKED WEBSITE). MONEYWORKSFORM.ME SHALL NOT BE LIABLE EVEN IF MONEYWORKSFORM.ME OR A MONEYWORKSFORM.ME AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. THESE INCLUDE BUT ARE NOT LIMITED TO DAMAGES OR INJURY CAUSED BY ERROR, OMISSION, INTERRUPTION, DEFECT, FAILURE OF PERFORMANCE, DELAY IN OPERATION OR TRANSMISSION, LINE FAILURE, COMPUTER VIRUS OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENT.

THESE LIMITATIONS ON MONEYWORKSFORM.ME’S LIABILITY MAY BE DIFFERENT IN CONNECTION WITH PARTICULAR PRODUCTS OR SERVICES THAT ARE OFFERED.

**Additional Information.** All information, other than personal information subject to MoneyWorksFor.me’s Internet Privacy Policy, submitted to MoneyWorksFor.me through this website or any related MoneyWorksFor.me’s is the property of MoneyWorksFor.me. MoneyWorksFor.me shall be free to use any ideas, concepts, know-how or techniques that you may submit to MoneyWorksFor.me through this website for any purpose, including but not limited to, improving our services. We shall not be subject to any obligations of confidentiality regarding any submitted information except as specified in MoneyWorksFor.me’s Internet Privacy Policy, as set forth in any additional terms and conditions relating to specific products or services, or as otherwise specifically agreed or required by law.
Changes. The Content on this website, and these Terms and Conditions, is subject to change or updating by MoneyWorksFor.me at any time without prior notice. The changes may include superseding terms and conditions or specific notices. YOU SHOULD REVIEW THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS FROM TIME TO TIME TO BE AWARE OF ANY CHANGES THAT ARE MADE. Your continuing use of this website constitutes your acceptance of any change or update, all of which shall become controlling when posted.

**Privacy.** Please [click here](/privacy-policy) MoneyWorksFor.me’s Internet Privacy Policy.

**Governing Law.** These Terms and Conditions shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the United States and the State of Washington, without giving effect to conflict of law principles thereof. The services and products described and information provided through this website are directed to and are intended to be made available only to persons in the United States and are not intended for distribution to, or use by, any person in any other country or any jurisdiction where such distribution or use would be contrary to law or regulation or that would subject MoneyWorksFor.me to any registration requirement within such jurisdiction or country. Persons who access this website do so on their own initiative, and are responsible for compliance with applicable local laws and regulations.